The standard TCP three-way handshake sonsist of three parts. 
First, the client sends a Synchronize (SYN) message to the server. 
Then the server responds with an SYN Message of its own, combined with an Acknowledge (ACK) message of the Client's SYN Message. 
The client then responds with an acknowledgement of the Server's SYN Message. 
The connection is then open and ready for data transmission. 

Wehn the "connect()" function is called on the Client side, the first SYN Message is sent, and the "connect()" function blocks until the SYN+ACK message is received from the Server. 
After the SYN+ACK Message is received, "connect()" enqueues the final ACK Messae and returns. 

This means that "connect()" blocks for at least one round-trip network time. 
That is, it blocks from the time that its SYN Message is sent to the time that the SYN+ACK Message is received. 
WHile one round trip is network time is the best-case scenario, in the worst case, it could block for much longer. 
Consider what happens when an overloaded Server receives an SYN Message. 
The Server could take som time to reply with the SYN+ACK Message. 

If "connect()" cannot establish a connection successfully (that is, SYN+ACK Message is never received), then the "connect()" call eventually times out. 
This timeout period is controlled by the OS. 
The exact timeout period varies, but 20 is about typical. 

"select()" can be used to wait on multiple "connect()" calls, and other socket events besides. 
It can work well for a client that needs to connect to several servers in parralel. 

Using "select()" to timeout a "connect()" call involves a few steps. 

	1) Set the socket to non-blocking. 
	   This done using "fcntl(O_NONBLOCK)" on Unix-based systmes and "ioctlsocket(FIONBIO)" on windows. 

	2) Call "connect()". 
	   This call returns immediately, provided that step 1 was successful 

	3) Check the return code from "connect()". 
	   A return value of zero indicates that the connection was successful,  which probably indicates that non-blocking mode was set incorrectly. 
	   A non-zero return value from "connect()" means we should check the error (that is, "WSAGetLastError()" on Windows and "errno" on other platforms)
	  An error code of "EINPROGRESS" (WSAEWOULDBOLOCK on windos) indicats that the TCP connection is in progress. 
	  Any other value indicates an actual error. 
	
	4) Set up and call "select()" with the sesired timeout. 

	5) set the socket back to blocking mode. 

	6) check to see whether the socket sonnected successfully
